Add Chairlift Streamlit Unit Tests section (#1211)
Snowflake-Labs/sfquickstarts: site/sfguides/src/native-app-chairlift/native-app-chairlift.md

- This directory is specific to this Quickstart, and contains all of the files and code used to create the front-end of the app. Front-ends for Snowflake Native Apps are built with Streamlit. You should peruse all of the files in this folder to get familiar with how the front-end is built, and pay special attention to the files that define the main views within the app, namely **v_dashboard.py**, **v_sensor_data.py**, and **v_configuration.py**. For more information, see [Adding Frontend Experience to Your Application with Streamlit](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/native-apps/adding-streamlit).

<!-- ------------------------ -->
## Test the App
Duration: 3

Let's take a deeper look at the files and directories related to testing this native app.

```console
local_test_env.yml
pytest.ini
tests/
├─ test_utils.py
├─ test_v_configuration.py
├─ test_v_dashboard.py
├─ test_v_sensor_data.py
```

Here's an overview of the above files and directories:

**local_test_env.yml**

> This file is an Anaconda environment file that contains the dependencies allowing you to run the tests. To activate the testing environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file is a conda environment file that contains the dependencies allowing you to run the tests. To activate the testing environment:
```

```
conda env update -f local_test_env.yml
conda activate chairlift-test
```
To deactivate it:
```
conda deactivate

```
**pytest.ini**

This file contains the different settings for pytest tests. For example, it contains the location of source code on which the unit tests run.

**tests/**

> This directory contains Streamlit unit tests. **tests/test_utils.py** contains common util functions and Pytest fixtures used for the unit tests. The other files in this directory contain the actual tests. The included tests leverage [Streamlit App Testing](https://docs.streamlit.io/develop/api-reference/app-testing) framework which allows automated testing of Streamlit elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains Streamlit unit tests. **tests/test_utils.py** contains common util functions and Pytest fixtures used for the unit tests. The other files in this directory contain the actual tests. The included tests leverage the [Streamlit App Testing](https://docs.streamlit.io/develop/api-reference/app-testing) framework which allows automated testing of Streamlit elements.
```

### Running Unit tests

> To run unit tests, make sure that `chairlift-test` Anaconda environment is active, and then run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run unit tests, make sure that `chairlift-test` conda environment is active, and then run the following command:
```
